README.md, before:

## Better YouTube Subtitles

### What is this?

This is a browser addon written in TypeScript which adds more customization options to YouTube subtitles. It is fully compatible with existing YouTube subtitles, as it merely changes their appearance using CSS and does not replace them.

Access the options either as you normally would in the browser or by clicking the "Advanced" button in the subtitles options menu in the YouTube player. You can also set up hotkeys to trigger certain options in your browser's keyboard shortcuts menu.

![A screenshot of the options menu.](https://addons.mozilla.org/user-media/previews/full/299/299323.png)

More details and screenshots available [in the AMO listing](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/better-youtube-subtitles/).

### What is this written in?

- TypeScript,
- WebExtensions API.

### What's the point?

I wrote this addon over a span of a few days as I was not satisfied with the amount of options available in terms of customizing the subtitles on YouTube videos, mainly the inability to choose your own font and text stroke thickness.

### Where can I download this?

- [The Firefox Addons (AMO) listing.](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/better-youtube-subtitles/)
- [The Chrome Web Store listing.](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/better-youtube-subtitles/ponocngkmjmakpleolejgelipolkmalm)
- [The GitHub releases page.](https://github.com/54ac/yt-subtitles/releases)

Commit message:

move to vite template, style options menu

README.md, after:

## Better YouTube Subtitles

### What is this?

This is a browser addon written in TypeScript which adds more customization options to YouTube subtitles. It is fully compatible with existing YouTube subtitles, as it merely changes their appearance using CSS and does not replace them. Uses [vite-plugin-web-extension](https://github.com/aklinker1/vite-plugin-web-extension).

Access the options either as you normally would in the browser. You can also set up hotkeys to trigger certain options in your browser's keyboard shortcuts menu.

![A screenshot of the options menu.](https://addons.mozilla.org/user-media/previews/full/299/299323.png)

More details and screenshots available [in the AMO listing](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/better-youtube-subtitles/).

### What is this written in?

- TypeScript,
- WebExtensions API.

### What's the point?

I wrote this addon over a span of a few days as I was not satisfied with the amount of options available in terms of customizing the subtitles on YouTube videos, mainly the inability to choose your own font and text stroke thickness.

### Where can I download this?

- [The Firefox Addons (AMO) listing.](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/better-youtube-subtitles/)
- [The Chrome Web Store listing.](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/better-youtube-subtitles/ponocngkmjmakpleolejgelipolkmalm)
- [The GitHub releases page.](https://github.com/54ac/yt-subtitles/releases)
